Deprecate passing `NdArrays with ndim != 1` and `non-arraylike` inputs to `jnp.trim_zeros` (#23563)
jax-ml/jax: CHANGELOG.md

## jax 0.4.33

* Deprecations
  * In {func}`jax.numpy.trim_zeros`, non-arraylike arguments or arraylike arguments
    with `ndim != 1` are now deprecated, and in the future will result in an error.

> 

Reviewer: JAX v0.4.33 was just released, so we'll need to sync to main and then put this under jax 0.4.34

Author: Changelog is updated.

  * Passing a DLPack capsule to {func}`jax.dlpack.from_dlpack` is deprecated.
    The argument to {func}`jax.dlpack.from_dlpack` should be an array from
    another framework that implements the ``__dlpack__`` protocol.

>   * Passing `non-array` inputs to {func}`jax.numpy.trim_zeros` is deprecated and
>     now raises a {obj}`DeprecationWarning`. It currently is converted in to an
>     array, and in the future will raise a {obj}`TypeError`. Also, passing `NdArrays`
>     with `ndim != 1` to {func}`jax.numpy.trim_zeros` is deprecated and now raises
>     a {obj}`DeprecationWarning`. It's current behavior is inconsistent with
>     {func}`numpy.trim_zeros` , and in the future will raise a {obj}`ValueError`.

Reviewer: Changelog entries should be as concise as possible
```suggestion
  * In {func}`jax.numpy.trim_zeros`, non-arraylike arguments or arraylike arguments
    with `ndim != 1` are now deprecated, and in the future will result in an error.
```

Author: Thanks! Updated
